[grunt and sigh]
No way! I can't lose here!
That's right!
I gotta pass the Chunin Exams to
keep walking down the path to
becoming the Hokage!
I won't let you!
(BORUTO) Water Style Bullet:
Orca!
Ahhh!
What...?!
A Water Style this powerful with
no water nearby?! Ah!
You're done!
[charging grunt]
[pained grunt]
He even knows...
...Lightning Style? [pained
groan]
Yes! We're okay!
Boruto! Are you alright?! [gasp]
Mmm...
[chuckle] You seriously asking
me that?
Yeah! Alright...
this means Lord Seventh will
finally get to see how strong we
are in Round Three!
Oh... Yeah!
You're right!
He got through again.
It seems he used it this time
around.
Oh! Great! So, he finally used
it... Did you get any footage?
(SUBORDINATE B) Yes.
Hm!
[chattering]
[chewing]
Mitsuki, what number is your
match?
Fifth, I think...
I couldn't even eat my breakfast
this morning!
Yeah, I know what you mean!
But you're eating right now!
(CHO-CHO) [gasp] Now way! I
didn't even know I was eating!
Hm!
Alright! From this point
on, everyone's an enemy!
Hm!
Seems so!
I wanna fight you guys, so don't
lose too fast, okay?
That goes without saying!
[chewing]
I have a feeling that we aren't
going to be defeating anyone all
that easily...
Come on, let's show them the
Leaf's true strength!
'Cuz the winner's gonna be-
It'll be me!
Yeah, you know it!
[cheering]
Round Three consists of
individual matches!
They will be held
tournament-style.
We purposly did not pit
teammates against one another in
the first bracket...
But if you win, you may end up
facing each other later.
[chewing]
(ROCK LEE) Please... make sure
you verify what number your
match is.
There will be three divisions of
matches. And then... once those
have been completed...
the winners in Blocks A, B, and
C will battle in a three-way
final.
[gasp]
Alright!
Are you ready?
Yes!
[cheering]
(ROCK LEE) Boruto Uzumaki of the
Hidden Leaf versus Yurui of the
Hidden Cloud!
[chewing and blowing]
The first match!
Begin!
Heyah!
[charging grunt]
[grunts]
You're about to get smoked
wholesale, Boruto!
Huh?! Smoked wholesale?
It means you're gonna lose!
Then just say that! You don't
have to beat around the bush so
much!
Maybe I'll stop beating around
the bush right now.
[blowing]
[grunt]
Like I'd let you!
[pained grunts]
Aghhh!
No way, those things explode?!
[gasp]
[chewing]
Heh!
[grunt]
[cheering]
Shinki. Hey. You wanted to face
Boruto, right?
Looks like that might not
happen...
I'm not interested in
fighting anyone weak.
But be careful of the other two.
They look tough, especially
Mitsuki.
[chuckle] I don't need your
advice.
When I get in there, I'm gonna
crush whoever I'm up against,
even that Mitsuki guy.
The caliber of students taking
these Exams... is really quite
sad.
[grunting]
Sneakin' around and playing
hide-and-seek?!
Damn it! That gum's getting in
the way!
Well, alright, guess it's time
to grind this guy...
Ehhhh...
[grunt]
[pained grunts]
Oh, so that's the gum I've heard
about that uses chakra as a
catalyst, is that right?
Yeah, it is pretty interesting,
isn't it?
[grunt and gasp]
Nah! No way! I'm not about to
lose here!
[grunt]
Huh?!
Heh!
Kid can't even aim right...
Hm?
[pained grunt]
No way...!
[pained grunts]
[chuckle]
[stunned gasp and groan]
Uh...
No way... was that real?
Amazing... But how did he manage
to bend it that much?
[cheering]
Sorry, but it looks like you're
the one who got smoked here!
Um... was it... Charai?
It's Yurui. [pained groan]
The winner is the Hidden Leaf's
Boruto Uzumaki!
[chuckle]
[cheering]
Yeah! He won! He won!
Nicely done. That kid's good.
Damn it, that makes me so angry!
Who would've ever guessed that
both our teams would be
eliminated before the finals?
But of course...
the secret weapon that we were
hoping to enter in the
competition was already...
promoted to Chunin before this
joint exam even began! So I
suppose it just can't be helped.
You think they would've won, if
they came? Such doting "parents"
are annoying, Mizukage!
Yes, well, I shall take that to
heart...
(SHIKADAI) Not bad.
Uh...
So when exactly did you practice
that little move?
Oh, you know... It was a piece
of cake!
[cheering]
This brings back memories of
our Chunin Exams, doesn't it?
You know, come to think of it,
that was the first time we met
you, Temari.
Oh, yeah, that's right! You had
such a bad attitude then.
I don't recall.
Actually... you still kinda have
a bad attitude!
[gasps]
(SAKURA) Oh! Shikadai's opponent
is from the Hidden Sand?
(INO) That's where you were
born, right, Temari? You must
have mixed feelings...
Listen up, Shikadai! If you
lose, then it's game over!
Give it all you've got!
[chuckles]
Alright, Shikadai, come on;
don't turn this into a bad
match...
Well... Anyway, go easy on me,
would ya?
(ROCK LEE) The second match!
Shikadai Nara of the Hidden Leaf
versus Yodo of the Hidden
Sand!
And begin!
[cheering]
Hm?
Stand ready! Don't act like I'm
ranked lower than you!
Damn it. What a bad attitude...
Fine. It's a drag, but I'll
attack first.
[grunt]
I won't let you excape!
C'mon, Shikadai! What're you
doing out there?!
[chewing]
We're always the ones who create
an opening for him with a
diversion...
[chewing]
At least after this, he'll
appreciate what we do!
Yeah, you're right! See what
happens when you slack off in
taijutsu practice?
[chuckle]
(CHO-CHO) Still, that girl...
...has seriously sharp eyes,
huh? To be able to dodge an
attack like that so easily.
[chewing]
Yeah... There's definitely
something about her.
Oh? Like what?
(INOJIN) Just watch... I think
Shikadai's about to test
something out.
Damn it. Acting so calm and
cool. Alright...!
[grunt]
How 'bout that?
What?!
[pained grunt]
[chuckle]
[grunts]
Even that failed?!
Get it together, Shikadai! And
get your aim right!
[grunt]
So can this Yodo girl... read
shadows or something?
No, Shikadai... Don't waste your
chakra like that!
[heavy breathing] She's moving
around so much!
Are you done yet? Alright, then,
I guess now it's my turn.
[grunt and chuckle]
Hm!
This is where things get
serious...
Let's do this...
[pained grunt]
[struggling]
That attack... What was that
just now?
Was it... Wind Style? Or...?
Again!
[pained grunts]
[pained groans]
Those are high frequencies, huh?
If they hit me again, I'm done
for...
[chuckle]
But no matter what, I can't
afford to lose this early in the
game!
[gasp]
[grunt]
[grunt] So close!
Her reaction was slightly
delayed just now. But why?!
Huh? [straining]
Chewed up gum... Ugh, how gross!
Damn it...
Ugh, that guy...!
[gasp]
I get it!
It's sound. Isn't it?
At first, I thought that you had
exceptionally sharp eyes.
But even in that smoke bomb...
and with that feint... You
countered easily.
Which means, you weren't
actually relying on your eyes
after all.
When you took your hood off, I
noticed that your earbuds were
gone, so it crossed my mind...
...but honestly...
who would've ever imagined that
you could hear the slight sound
of me merely shifting my weight
as I turned to control my
shadow?
That expalins why your
reaction was slightly delayed
earlier.
It's cause I stepped on that
gum.
Your hearing is really
frighteningly good.
I suppose that I should commend
you for noticing that...
But shifting your weight is a
subconscious habit...
So realizing what's happening
doesn't mean that you can
actually control it.
You use earbuds to keep your
oversensitive ears in check,
don't you?
You nervous?
Huh?
Your heart has started beating
faster, your breathing is
shallow...
It's so painfully
obvious!
Yeah, so what if all that's
true?
No, don't let her manipulate
you!
Too slow!
[gasp and straining]
Ahhh!
Uhhh...
Shikadai...
Here I thought that since you're
Lady Temari's son, you'd have at
least a little skill.
But I guess the Hidden Sand is
the best-
(SHIKADAI) When you say stuff
like that...
...you're disrespecting my mom,
who's now a citizen of the
Hidden Leaf Village.
[gasp]
You set... the Paper Bombs off
on purpose?!
There was no other way for me to
muffle the sound of my shoes
when I shifted my weight.
[gasp]
[wincing]
So, shall we call this a match?
[wince] I give up! [gasp]
The winner! Shikadai Nara!
[cheering]
Aw yeah!
[embarrassed groan]
Hm.
[grunt]
Uh, sorry about that! Pardon me!
She sure gave you a hard time.
Yeah, so what? Sarada...
Go all out, alright?
Three seconds...
Watch me.
Huh...?!
[cheering]
I've heard... that you've been
dreaming about becoming the
Hokage...
Let me give you a reality
check...
Now, Sarada Uchida from the
Hidden Leaf versus, Tarui from
the...
...Hidden Cloud...! ready?
Begin!
Huuuuuh! Ahhhh!
Huuuuuuah...
One!
Two!
Three!
[gasp]
[pained groans]
(ROCKE LEE) The winner is Sarada
Uchiha!
[cheering]
Yeah, alright! Cha!
Nice! This means we got three
straight wins!
Piece of cake!
Good thing your opponent was so
weak.
Gimme a break. It isn't that she
was weak! Not at all! I'm just
so much stronger!
[chuckling]
[cheering]
Well, okay! I guess that I'll
make it four in a row, then.
[cheering]
(ROCK LEE) Match Four! Inojin
Yamanaka of the Hidden Leaf
versus Araya of the Hidden Sand!
Inojin! Stay focused! Go get
him!
[cheering]
Oh... Quite a long weapon you
have...
And these are my weapons. As the
saying goes, "the pen's mightier
than the sword."
Oh... Do you think that makes
you look cool or something?
I'll pull that pretentious mask
right off your face.
Ninja Art! Super Beast Scroll!
[chuckle]
How's that?
I made them with Paper Bombs
inside!
Hm? No damage at all?!
[roar]
No way!
(ROCK LEE) The winner is ArAya
of the Sand!
[cheering]
You were very close.
[sigh]
[cheering]
This is my Lightning Style:
Overdrive! There's nothing you
can do to stop me!
Electrical signals sent from the
brain are what make muscles
move.
I can use Lightning Style to
speed up those signals so that
I'm more powerful, ya get it?
Ohhh... WHat is that...?!
Well, well...
[gasp]
Oops... I'm not supposed to use
that!
Now show me what's up next.
What was that just now?!
Aghhh! You tryin' to scare me?
[hissing]
Snakes?! Why'd it have to be
snakes?!
Ahhh! [whimpering]
I give up!
(ROCK LEE) The winner is...
Mitsuki of the Hidden Leaf!
[cheering]
Amazing!
[chewing] Alright! I'm loaded up
with calories!
Noice!
Okay, I'll do this nice and
easy!
[chuckle] Do your best, Cho-Cho!
(CHO-CHO) 'Course!
Hand!
Uh...
C'mon Mitsuki, give me your
hand! Yay! [chuckle]
Make sure you do your best out
there!
Yup!
I'm on it!
Well, Cho-Cho's the last one...
[cheering]
The last match of the first
elimination round...
That boy's the ace from your
village, isn't he, Gaara? Is he
strong?
You'll soon see.
[cheering]
Hey, hold on a second, are you
one of those shy boys?
Did you avert your gaze because
you're enthralled by my charm?
I should appologize in advance.
Huh?! And what does that mean?
I'm not so good...
...with discretion...
Hmmm...
(ROCK LEE) Now, the final match
of the first round!
Cho-Cho Akimichi from the Hidden
Leaf, versus...
Shinki of the Hidden Sand!
Begin!
(SHIKADAI) Well, this is turning
out to be a real drag...
(BORUTO) [chuckle] This is the
first time, isn't it? That we've
had a proper fight?
(SHIKADAI) Let's do this fair
and square. No hard feelings,
alright?
(BORUTO) Don't cry when you
lose!
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "Boruto vs.
Shikadai"
(CHO-CHO) Hey, wait! Before
that, there's still my match,
you know! Both of you...
quit getting all fired up! You
better watch me, you got that?